
[default]
save_search_field= sa
add_view= ga
bookmark= M
bookmarks= gb
bookmarks_nv= gB
bookmarks_nw= wB
remove_view= d
entry_history_back=Control k
entry_history_forward=Control j
download_set_execute=Control x
allow_cookie= CC
decrease_master= gh
entry_delete_letter=Control h
entry_delete_line=Control u
entry_delete_word=Control w
download_hint= gd
command_mode= :
find_backward= ?
find_forward= /
find_next= n
find_previous= N
focus_input= gi
focus_next=Control k
focus_nth_view= gv
focus_prev=Control j
hint_mode= f
hint_mode_nv= F
hint_mode_nw= wf
history_back= J
history_forward= K
increase_master= gl
insert_mode= i
show_keys= Sk
entry_word_back=Control b
entry_word_forward=Control f
new_view= V
new_window= W
open= o
paste= pp
paste_primary= pP
paste_primary_nv= PP
paste_primary_nw= wP
paste_nv= Pp
paste_nw= wp
push_master= gp
open_quickmark= b
open_quickmark_nv= B
open_quickmark_nw= wb
reload= R
save_quickmark= m
save_session= ZZ
save_named_session= gZZ
scroll_down= j
scroll_right= l
scroll_left= h
scroll_page_down=Control d
scroll_page_up=Control u
scroll_bottom= G
scroll_top= gg
scroll_up= k
set_global_setting= sgs
set_key= sk
set_setting= ss
scripts= ts
spell_checking= tc
show_settings= Ss
show_global_settings= Sgs
toggle_encoding=te
autoload_images= ti
autoresize_window= tr
toggle_block_content= tB
toggle_bottomstack= go
caret_browsing= t7
java_applets= tj
toggle_maximized= tm
plugins= tp
private_browsing= tP
proxy=Control p
view_source= tu
open_nv= O
open_nw= wo
yank= yy
yank_primary= Y
zoom_normal=Control 0
zoom_in=Control =
zoom_out=Control -
allow_content= tb
save= sf
undo= u
youtube.sh=Control y
allow_plugins= ap
execute_userscript= eu
print=Control Mod1 p
complete_bookmarks=Control B
complete_history=Control H
complete_commands=Control I
complete_searchengines=Control S
complete_userscript=Control U
open_start_page=Control h
scroll_halfpage_down=Control d
scroll_halfpage_up=Control u
complete_path=Control p
load_html=Control Mod1 p
load_html_nv=Control Mod1 p
toggle_hidden_files= g.
